Add monitor sample (#13989)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/glossary.rst

   Modulation Coding Scheme (MCS)
      An index defined by the Wi-Fi standards where each index specifies a combination of modulation scheme and forward error correction coding rate.

   Monitor

>       A network interface mode that enables the capturing and analysis of all incoming IEEE 802.11 packets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A network interface mode that enables the capture and analysis of all incoming IEEE 802.11 packets.
```

Reviewer 2: Isn't this Wi-Fi specific? Would be good to mention this in the term definition, such as:
```suggestion
      A network interface mode for nRF70 Series devices that enables the capture and analysis of all incoming IEEE 802.11 packets.
```

Reviewer: @chiranjeevi2776 -. Please see this suggestion.
